=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 F<Acceptatron.pm>

The F<Acceptatron> module provides support for the library's tests.  At this
point, it only provides a slurping function.  I know that CPAN modules exist
for this; but the Acceptatron should be usable with a standard Perl
distribution, including the older distributions that some vendors insist on
shipping on their platforms.

If you get errors about needing to install F<Acceptatron.pm> when you run the
tests, try setting the PERL5LIB environment variable to include the current
directory.

=head1 F<getopt.h>

The F<getopt.h> file exists mainly so that the tests can be compiled and run
on Windows.  C<getopt> is a POSIX function accesible by C<#includ>ing
F<unistd.h>.  It appears that GCC actually declares C<getopt> in the file
F<getopt.h>.  If this project's F<getopt.h> is C<#include>d in angle
brackets -- and I'm aware of one coding standard that requires all C<#include>
lines use angle brackets -- then the C<<< #include E<lt>getopt.hE<gt> >>> line
in F<unistd.h> will attempt to C<#include> the wrong F<getopt.h>.  I have
fixed this by using C<#include "getopt.h"> to refer to the local F<getopt.h>.
If that is too subtle, you could rename the file to something like
F<acceptatron_getopt.h>.

The Acceptatron library itself doesn't use C<getopt>.  It's only used by the
tests.

=head1 Eat your own dogfood

While it was certainly tempting to use the Acceptatron to test the
Acceptatron, I worried about the potential for a bug in the library to lead
to the tests giving false negatives (a false positive would be investigated,
and -- hopefully -- fixed).  Instead, all tests are written in Perl and use
F<Test::More>.

=head1 Perl

It seems like a safe bet that programmers interested in using a TAP testing
framework already have some version of Perl and associated programs (e.g.,
F<perldoc> and F<prove>).  Unfortunately, it's hard to determine which version
of Perl they would have.  F<Acceptatron.pm> and F<Makefile.PL> should work
with Perl 5.6 or later.  If not, it's a bug, and I would appreciate a bug
report.

=head1 F<prove>

After all binaries are built, each Perl test (F<bail_out.t>, F<cmp_ok.t>,
F<diag.t>, F<done_testing.t>, F<is.t>, F<isnt.t>, F<like.t>, F<note.t>,
F<ok.t>, C<plan.t>, F<skip_all.t>, F<todo.t> and F<unlike.t>) can be run
from a command line, if you're willing to scan the output for C<not ok>.
F<prove> can do the scanning for you.  F<prove> will call attention to any
failed tests.

=head1 F<Makefile.PL>

F<Makefile.PL> can be used to write a simple makefile for the tests only.
The Acceptatron library is a single-header library and does not need a
makefile.  Both F<Makefile.PL> and the generated F<Makefile> should work on
Windows.  Unfortunately, I don't have access to a Windows computer.  If
F<Makefile.PL> doesn't run on Windows, or the generated makefile doesn't work,
please report it as a bug.

F<Makefile.PL> will choose the first compiler it detects, from the list
F<c++>, F<cl> (Visual Studio), F<clang++>, and F<g++>.  I am willing to
add additional compilers to this list.

